YES, CALL SURE COMMISSIONER
COLIN ABSENT COMMISSIONER
WINKLER ABSENT COMMISSIONER
SILVER YEAH, COUNCIL MEMBER
NELSA HERE, COUNCIL MEMBER
DENHA HERE, COMMISSIONER HAS
YOUR COMMISSIONER DAD HERE VICE
CHAIR GARBA YOUR COMMISSIONER
DELIVERED.
&gt;&gt; THAT MEANS COMMISSIONER
DOSIS COMMISSIONER GHAZI WAS IN
ABSENTIA AND SHARELLE IS
RELEASED ON BAIL IS ABSENT.
WE DO NOT HAVE A QUORUM.
HEY, WELL WE&apos;LL STILL GO
FORWARD THOUGH WE DON&apos;T HAVE A
QUORUM WHICH MEANS WE CAN&apos;T
TAKE ANY OFFICIAL VOTES.
BUT SINCE WE&apos;RE HERE, LET&apos;S GO
THROUGH THE AGENDA ANYWAY.
ALL RIGHT.
WE DID.
LET&apos;S START WITH PUBLIC
COMMENT.
I SEE THREE MINUTES YOUR PUBLIC
COMMENTS.
HELLO MY ENGLISH TEACHER BERTEN
I&apos;M A TAXPAYING PROPERTY OWNER,
NATIVE SON BANABA.
I&apos;M AN EAGLE SCOUT RETIRED
PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER, A FORMER
VOLUNTEER INSTRUCTOR FOR THE
RED CROSS, A FORMER BIG AND THE
BIG BROTHERS BIG SISTERS
PROGRAM, AN ACTIVE MEMBER IN
WILDLIFE RESCUE, A YOUTH MENTOR
AND A VOLUNTEER FOR VARIOUS
OTHER COMMUNITY AND NONPROFIT
ORGANIZATIONS.
I&apos;VE BEEN DENIED CITY SERVICES
AND I&apos;VE BEEN FOLLOWED AROUND
BY OUR POLICE OFFICERS MULTIPLE
TIMES WHEN TRYING TO GET CITY
SERVICES AT LARCOMBE CITY HALL
BY ATTEMPTS TO STOP THIS
HARASSMENT AND TO FIND OUT WHY
IT IS HAPPENING ARE EITHER
IGNORED OR DENIED.
I CONTACTED THIS COMMITTEE PER
THE RECOMMENDATION OF MY CITY
COUNCIL MEMBER ABOUT THESE
ISSUES.
THE RESPONSE I RECEIVED FROM
FILING A COMPLAINT TO THIS
COMMITTEE DID NOT ADDRESS THE
DENIAL OF CITY SERVICES OR
ADDRESS MY REQUEST TO SET UP A
MEETING TO DISCUSS THEM.
IT DID INCLUDE A VERY
DISMISSIVE AND PATRONIZING
RESPONSE THAT IF THE PERSON WHO
SENT IT FOLLOWED THE
INSTRUCTIONS THEY SENT ME, THEY
WOULD HAVE KNOWN THEY WERE
MAKING FALSE STATEMENTS INSTEAD
OF CONJECTURE STATING THEY
BELIEVE THEY ARE MAKING TRUE
STATEMENTS.
NO ONE HAS RESPONDED TO MY
FOLLOW UP EMAILS ADDRESSING MY
QUESTIONS I HOPE BY ASKING
THESE QUESTIONS HERE IN THIS
PUBLIC FORUM IT WILL ELICIT A
RESPONSE THAT ADDRESSES MY
QUESTIONS AND CONCERNS.
HERE ARE MY QUESTIONS HOW CAN I
SET UP A MEETING TO DISCUSS AND
FIND OUT WHY I&apos;M BEING DENIED
CITY SERVICE AND BEING FOLLOWED
AROUND BY AN CYBER POLICE
OFFICERS WHEN TRYING TO USE
CITY SERVICES AT LARKHAM CITY
HALL?
I FILED A COMPLAINT WITH THIS
COMMITTEE WHY HAS NO ONE
RESPONDED TO MY COMPLAINT IN A
MANNER THAT COMMUNICATES
ADDRESSES OR EVEN MENTIONS THE
ISSUES IN THE COMPLAINT I
FILED.
I HOPE THAT DURING THE
COMPLAINT SECTION OF THIS
MEETING, THE COMPLAINT I FILED
THAT HAS NOT BEEN ADDRESSED ARE
RESOLVED WILL AT LEAST BE
LISTED THERE IF CITIZENS&apos;
COMPLAINTS ARE DENIED FROM EVEN
BEING LISTED IN PUBLIC CAPACITY
IN THIS COMMITTEE OR INDIVIDUAL
MEMBERS OF THIS COMMITTEE ARE
ROADBLOCKS RESTRICTING JUSTICE
AND THE RESOLUTION OF THE
VIOLATION OF CITIZENS RIGHTS
NOT PASS TO THEM?
I LOOK FORWARD TO A RESPONSE
THAT ACTUALLY ADDRESSES MY
COMPLAINT.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME.
THANK YOU
, KULDEEP.
I&apos;M LIBBY HUNTER LIVE IN ANN.
FIRST I&apos;D LIKE TO MENTION WELL
I HAVE TWO THINGS.
FIRST I&apos;D LIKE TO MENTION A
RADIO PROGRAM THAT I LISTEN WHO
TODAY IT WAS BENKLER THOMPSON.
HE&apos;S THE HOST IT&apos;S CALLED RED
LINE AND IT&apos;S ON NINE 10 A.M. A
BLACK STATION FROM DETROIT
TODAY.
THE SHOW WAS FROM GRAND RAPIDS
BECAUSE IT FOCUSED ON THE
RECENT WHITE POLICE MURDER OF A
BLACK MAN PATRICK LEONIA
BENKLER THOMPSON HAD INVITED
MANY GRAND RAPIDS COMMUNITY
MEMBERS ON THE SHOW TO DISCUSS
THE KILLING.
ONE WOMAN SAID SOMETHING ABOUT
ALL THESE POLICE KILLINGS THAT
REALLY STRUCK ME AND THIS IS
WHAT I WANTED.
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING I
WANTED TO SAY HERE IT&apos;LL SEEM
VERY SIMPLE BUT THIS REALLY
STRUCK ME QUOTE THIS IS ONE
OF THE MOST SERIOUS LONG
RUNNING CRISIS&apos;S IN OUR COUNTRY
AND NO POLITICIANS OR OFFICIALS
SPEAK ABOUT IT.
SO SHE SHE WAS SAYING THIS
ABOUT THE ALL THE POLICE
KILLINGS IN THE COUNTRY AND SHE
SAID I THINK THEY&apos;RE AFRAID END
OF QUOTE.
SO I STARTED THINKING ABOUT
THAT.
ARE OFFICIALS AFRAID OF THE
POLICE THEMSELVES OR IS IT THAT
SPEAKING ABOUT IT MAKES IT REAL
?
BECAUSE I UNDERSTAND WHAT SHE&apos;S
SAYING I I DON&apos;T THINK I&apos;VE
EVER HEARD A POLITICIAN DISCUSS
THIS IN THE GREAT SERIOUSNESS
THAT IT IS.
IS IT THAT IT VALIDATES A
CRISIS AND THEN MAKES THE
POLITICIAN ACCOUNTABLE SO THEY
MUST ANSWER TO THE PUBLIC AND
ACTUALLY DO SOMETHING ABOUT
WELL I&apos;M NOT SURE WHAT THE
ANSWER IS BUT THESE KILLINGS
CONTINUE AND ALMOST ALWAYS
THERE ARE NO CONSEQUENCES FOR
THE WHITE OFFICERS WHO TOO
OFTEN SHOOT IN THE BACK AS YOU
ALL KNOW.
AND NOW WE HAVE THE GRAND
RAPIDS COP SHOOTING PATRICK
LEONIA IN THE BACK OF THE HEAD.
I WISH OUR POLITICIANS AND
OFFICIALS WOULD TAKE THE SAME
ACTIONS THAT THEY WOULD TAKE IF
IT WAS BLACK COPS KILLING WHITE
PEOPLE.
SO I HAD THIS ONE IDEA
FOR YOU
ARE WELL RESPECTED HUMAN RIGHTS
COMMISSION TO ISSUE A PUBLIC
STATEMENT SAYING THAT AS A BODY
YOU STAND UNITED AGAINST RACIAL
POLICE KILLINGS OR EVEN WHITE
OFFICERS MURDERING BLACK
CITIZENS.
IT&apos;S A VERY SMALL THING BUT IT
MIGHT GAIN TRACTION.
WHY NOT USE MULTIPLE TOOLS TO
STOP THESE MURDERS?
THEY JUST KEEP HAPPENING.
THE OTHER ITEM I HAVE IS IN
LIGHT OF WHAT HAPPENED IN GRAND
RAPIDS TO REMEMBER OR ROSSER A
BLACK WOMAN KILLED BY DAVID
REED, A WHITE ANN ARBOR POLICE
OFFICER AFTER THIS UNNECESSARY
OR A MURDER, REID WAS ELEVATED
TO A HIGHER POSITION AND GIVEN
A PAY RAISE UNDER MAYOR
CHRISTOPHER TAYLOR.
JUSTICE HAS NOT BEEN SERVED.
ACTIVISTS HAVE DEMANDED TIME
AND AGAIN APOLOGIZE TO HER
FAMILY PAY HER FUNERAL COSTS
AND PAY FINANCIAL RESTITUTION
TO HER THREE MOTHERLESS
CHILDREN WHEN ACTIVISTS
CONFRONTED TAYLOR, HIS RESPONSE
WAS TO REMODEL HIS ROOM AT
TAXPAYER EXPENSE AND PLACE A
PHYSICAL BARRIER AND MORE
DISTANCE BETWEEN HIMSELF AND
THE PUBLIC.
THE KILLING OF OUR ROSTER HAS
PASSED BUT THE PAIN IS THE SAME
FOR HER FAMILY, FRIENDS AND THE
GREATER ANN ARBOR COMMUNITY.
IT&apos;S NOT TOO LATE TO MAKE MUCH
NEEDED AMENDS.
&gt;&gt; AND FOR LISTENERS WHO WOULD
LIKE TO KNOW MORE ABOUT THIS,
THERE&apos;S A COMPREHENSIVE AND
EXCELLENT REPORT ON WHAT
HAPPENED TO OUR ROSTER.
SO DO A SEARCH ON THE FOLLOWING
PEOPLE&apos;S RETORT TO THE
PROSECUTOR&apos;S REPORT.
THAT&apos;S PEOPLE&apos;S RETORT TO THE
PROSECUTORS REPORT.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
THANK YOU
.
THEY WANT TO RESPOND TO OK, I
THANK YOU FOR THAT.
ANY OTHER PUBLIC I DON&apos;T SEE
ANYONE ELSE FROM THE PUBLIC
THE
GAP OR EXCUSE ME SHARE LESLIE
STILLBORNS ON IS SHE&apos;S HERE SHE
SAID OK I LESLIE UNFORTUNATELY
WE CAN&apos;T GO HER TO KNOW MORE
ABOUT ALL RIGHT SO THE AGENDA
YOU&apos;LL HAVE A COPY OF THE
AGENDA A I&apos;M NOT SURE WHETHER
IT&apos;S MOVED TO IMPROVE IT OR NOT
BECAUSE WE&apos;RE NOT OFFICIALLY
MEETING.
SO LET&apos;S JUST SAY WE HAVE AN
AGENDA AND I WILL TRY TO FOLLOW
IT TO THE EXTENT POSSIBLE.
&gt;&gt; UM, WE CAN&apos;T REALLY APPROVE
THE MINUTES BUT IF ANYONE HEARD
ANYTHING THEY WANT TO NOTE FOR
CORRECTIONS FOR NEXT MEETING
YOU COULD MENTION THAT OR JUST
MENTIONED IT AFTERWARDS.
NEXT ITEM FOLLOW UP ON OUTSIDE
WORK ELIZABETH TRAVIS, IF
ANYTHING REPORT FROM CITY
COUNCIL.
YES.
WELL THE AMENDMENTS TO THE
NONDISCRIMINATION ORDINANCE
PASSED OUR LAST MEETING THE
TIME FRAME IS REMOVED FROM THE
WHAT WAS IT 180 DAYS ABOUT
REPORTING AND THEN ALSO ADDING
ANY RELIGIOUS IMPLICATIONS
AROUND A HAIRSTYLE AND ALSO AT
OUR MEETING COUNCIL MEMBERS
SONG ACTUALLY ASKED A QUESTION
WHEN WE WERE IN DISCUSSION
ABOUT THAT PARTICULAR AMENDMENT
SHE WONDERED HOW MUCH OUTREACH
WE WERE DOING OR HAD ALREADY
BEEN DONE IN THE SCHOOLS AND I
DIDN&apos;T HAVE AN ANSWER FOR HER
ON MARGARIDA I WAS HELPFUL IN
EMPHASIZING AS I DID I THAT
THIS BODY IS VERY INTERESTED IN
OUTREACH AND THERE HAVE BEEN
MANY, MANY CONVERSATIONS ABOUT
HOW TO MAKE THE COMMUNITY AWARE
OF OUR EXISTENCE.
BUT YEAH, SO THAT WAS A
QUESTION THAT I SAID THAT I
WOULD BRING BACK HERE BECAUSE
SHE WAS RAISING CONCERNS I KNOW
THAT HAVE BEEN PUBLICIZED IN
RECENT MONTHS ABOUT CONCERNS
AND I GUESS THE HIGH SCHOOLS
AND SCHOOLS GENERALLY SO OK,
THANK YOU MAYOR.
WE&apos;LL HAVE OUR PUBLIC OUTREACH
COMMITTEE LOOKING AT THAT.
&gt;&gt; YES.
YOU NEED TO SPEAK INTO YOUR
MIND.
OH, RIGHT.
WE WILL HAVE OUR COMMITTEE
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PUBLIC OUTREACH
THAT WILL FOLLOW UP ON THAT.
ALL RIGHT.
ANY ANYTHING NEW TO REPORT ON
FACIAL RECOGNITION?
UNFORTUNATELY WE ARE STILL
WAITING TO FIND THAT HEY,
SPEAKING OF COMMUNITY OUTREACH,
THAT&apos;S OUR NEXT ITEM.
I WOULD SPEAK TO THAT EXCEPT
SHE&apos;S ILL.
I UNDERSTAND.
&gt;&gt; SO IS ANYONE ELSE HERE ON
THAT SUBCOMMITTEE AND SO I CAN
SPEAK ON THE ANN ARBOR PUBLIC
SCHOOLS.
SO WE HAVE REACHED OUT TO THEM
THROUGH THEIR COMMUNITY WEBSITE
LINK AND WE HAVE FILLED OUT
THEIR APPLICATION TO GO INTO
THE SCHOOLS LIKE AS A COMMUNITY
PARTNER.
&gt;&gt; WHAT WE NEED TO DO NOW AS A
COMMISSION IS DO A PRESENTATION
.
&gt;&gt; WE NEED TO CREATE A
PRESENTATION TO BE ABLE TO GO
INTO THE SCHOOL AND SO OUR OUR
SUBGROUP I GUESS AT THIS POINT
NEEDS TO MEET AND DO JUST THAT
.
THE OTHER THING THAT I CAN
REPORT ON IS I AM STILL WAITING
TO HEAR BACK FROM THE NEUTRAL
ZONE WHICH IS WHICH KINDA TIES
INTO THAT TOO I THINK WITH THE
YOUNG PEOPLE I DID MEET WITH
THEM AND THIS WAS PRIOR TO
SPRING BREAK THAT WAS JUST
BEFORE SPRING BREAK AND WHEN I
MET WITH THE NEUTRAL ZONE FOLKS
THEY NEEDED TO GO BACK AND MEET
WITH THEIR KIND OF SUBGROUPS TO
TALK ABOUT HOW WE COULD PARTNER
.
SO I HAVE FOLLOWED UP WITH AN
EMAIL TO KIND OF CHECK IN WITH
THEM AND SEE BUT I&apos;M NOT SURE
WHAT THE TIMING IS WHEN SO FOR
EXAMPLE, LIKE WHEN THEY&apos;RE
SUBGROUP MEETS AND THAT SORT
OF THING.
SO IT&apos;S IT MAY JUST BE TIMING
BUT IT&apos;S I MEAN WE&apos;RE STILL
WORKING AT IT.
I THINK NOW THOUGH AS A
COMMISSION WE&apos;VE GOT TO COME UP
WITH AN ACTUAL PRESENTATION AND
THEN YES, BY ALL MEANS WE CAN
GO INTO THE SCHOOL AND DO
PRESENTATIONS AND MARKET YOU
KNOW WHAT WE DO.
I ALSO DID LOOK AT THE WEBSITE
OUR OUR FRONT FACING, YOU KNOW,
SHEET THAT WE HAVE THAT IS IS
ON OUR WEBSITE AND I I THINK WE
COULD PROBABLY USE A LITTLE
TWEAKING THERE.
I THINK IT&apos;S A LITTLE OUTDATED
FRANKLY.
&gt;&gt; THAT IS ALL.
THANK YOU FOR THAT REPORT AND
WE HAVE YOU&apos;RE ALSO ON THE
AGENDA FOR THE NEXT SEGMENT
CONVERSION THERAPY, LOGISTICS.
&gt;&gt; WELL, IF YOU HAVE ANYTHING
TO REPORT ON THAT.
YEAH.
SO THAT WAS SORRY THAT WAS
MAINLY THE NEUTRAL ZONE AND
WORKING WITH THEM.
&gt;&gt; OK, I SEE.
GOT IT.
SO IT WAS STILL THAT&apos;S STILL
PENDING.
GOT IT.
THANK YOU.
COMPLAINTS WE HAVE REALLY
NOTHING NEW TO REPORT ON THAT
WE DON&apos;T BUT THE GENTLEMAN
MENTIONED AND I GUESS I WOULD
CHECK WITH YOU DENISE HAVING
FILED A COMPLAINT DO WE HAVE A
STATUS ON THAT?
I DIDN&apos;T CATCH HIS NAME SO
TEACHER BAADEN, HE SENT US THAT
EMAIL AND LESLIE HAS IS
REVIEWING THAT.
OK, JUST AN EMAIL.
OK, SO IT WASN&apos;T WE ACCEPT
OTHER THAN OUR OFFICIAL FORM
OF OTHER WAYS FOR PEOPLE TO
COMMUNICATE CONCERNED THAT THEY
HAVE.
SO I DON&apos;T KNOW WHEN HE DIDN&apos;T
GIVE DATES FOR WHEN HE
SUBMITTED HIS WHATEVER BUT JUST
TO RESPOND TO THE COMMENTS THAT
HE HAD MADE IT&apos;S CURRENTLY
UNDER REVIEW BY OUR CHAIRPERSON
LESLIE STAMBAUGH.
SO SHE IS WITH US VIA THE
VIRTUALLY BUT IS UNABLE TO
RESPOND.
SO I WOULD SHE CAN SPEAK OH I
WAS LIKE OH YES CAN YOU HEAR ME
?
&gt;&gt; YES.
OH GOOD.
OH GOOD YES I DIDN&apos;T I DIDN&apos;T
THE QUESTIONS THAT THE PERSON
ASKED I DID RESPOND AND HIS
RESPONSE WAS THAT THAT&apos;S STILL
NOT ACCURATE.
I HAVE ASKED OTHER PEOPLE AND
THEY SAY IT&apos;S ACCURATE.
HOWEVER I CAN ASK THE POLICE
CHIEF IF HE WOULD MEET WITH
THIS PERSON.
&gt;&gt; I SUPPOSE THAT&apos;S WHAT HE
WANTS THAT IT WASN&apos;T CLEAR
EXACTLY WHAT OUTCOME HE WANTED.
&gt;&gt; BUT YES, YOU CAN I CAN
CERTAINLY TRY TO DO THAT.
OK, THANK YOU LESLIE.
OK, AND THEN I THINK FOR SO WE
HAVE RECEIVED COMPLAINTS BUT
THE OTHERS I HAVE BEEN
SUCCESSFULLY RESPONDED TO AND
WE DON&apos;T HAVE ANY CURRENT OPEN
ONES THAT WE ARE STILL ACTUALLY
WORKING ON OTHER THAN THIS
GENTLEMAN&apos;S.
ALL RIGHT.
THANKS PAM.
TRESPASS.
&gt;&gt; I CAN REPORT ON THAT.
WE HAD A MEETING WE&apos;LL RESUME
WITH SEVERAL OF US.
LESLIE MYSELF, LINDA WITH THE
CITY ATTORNEY JEFF PLEASE AND A
FEW OTHER OFFICERS AND THE
FOLKS IN THE CITY TO TALK ABOUT
OUR PROPOSAL ON AMENDING THE
TRESPASS ORDINANCE OR
PROCEDURES AND WE, YOU KNOW,
EXPRESS SOME OF OUR CONCERNS.
THEY STARTED REVIEWING OUR MEMO
BUT WE DIDN&apos;T FINISH SO WE ARE
GOING TO BE ADJOURNED THAT AND
ARE GOING TO MEET AGAIN TO
FINISH THAT DISCUSSION
HOPEFULLY SOMETIME IN THE NEXT
BEFORE WE MEET AGAIN HERE.
I DON&apos;T BELIEVE THAT WE HAVE A
DATE SET BUT SOMETIME IN THE
NEXT FEW WEEKS BECAUSE THE IDEA
OUR BIGGEST WE HAVE A BUNCH
OF POINTS TO MAKE.
&gt;&gt; I THINK OUR LARGEST
SUBSTANTIVE CONCERN WAS
REGARDING THE TIME LIMIT
TRESPASS SEEMS TO BE AS A
MATTER OF COURSE GIVEN OUT FOR
PERIODS OF A YEAR WHICH IS THE
MAXIMUM ALLOWED UNDER THE
ORDINANCE AND WE WERE PROPOSING
THAT THERE WOULD BE PERIODS
OF TIME SHORT OF A YEAR THAT
THAT COULD BE AT THE OPTION
OF THE OF THE PERSON PENALTIES
REQUESTING TRESPASS BE READ
THAT THEY BE ABLE TO GIVE A
DAY, WEEK, MONTH, SIX MONTHS,
WHATEVER ANYTHING SHORT OF THE
YEAR AND THE CITY ATTORNEY AND
SHE POLICE EXPRESSED CONCERNS
ABOUT THAT.
SO WE&apos;RE GOING TO CONTINUE TO
TALK.
SO THAT&apos;S THE BUSINESS FOR THE
SPIRIT OF THE COURTS FOR THE
ENORMOUS OH YES.
SO WE PREPARED A RESOLUTION
WHICH IF WE HAD A QUORUM WE&apos;D
VOTE ON THIS.
&gt;&gt; WE DON&apos;T WE WON&apos;T TO WE WE
AGREED THAT WE WOULD ENDORSE A
RESOLUTION REGARDING AN
ENORMOUS RESPONSE PROGRAM.
WE THINK IT&apos;S GREAT AND WE
WOULD HAVE CITY COUNCIL TO
ADOPT THAT.
BUT WE CAN&apos;T OFFICIALLY SAY
THAT TODAY BECAUSE WE DON&apos;T
HAVE A QUORUM BUT WE HAVE A
RESOLUTION PREPARED SO WE WILL
DO THAT AT OUR NEXT MEETING.
&gt;&gt; ANOTHER ITEM, A NEW BUSINESS
IS THE PARTNERSHIP WITH THE
SCHOOL SOCIAL WORK I WOULD
SPEAK OF THAT IF SHE WERE HERE
IN THE PAST WE HAVE HAD A VERY
SUCCESSFUL PROGRAM WHERE THE
GRADUATE STUDENTS WILL WORK ON
PROJECTS SOME OF WHICH WERE
SUGGESTED BY US OR MENTORED BY
US OR JUST HELP THEM DIRECT
THEM TO RESOURCES IN THE
COMMUNITY.
AND THEN THEY WORKED ON THESE
PROJECTS AND REPORTED BACK TO
US AND I FOUND A VERY
INTERESTING UH THE QUESTION WAS
WOULD WE ENDORSE DOING THAT
AGAIN OR SUPPORT THAT WOULD
REQUIRE SOME REALLY IS MOSTLY
JUST COMING UP WITH SOME IDEAS
AND THROWING THEM OUT TO
WHOEVER THE PROFESSOR IS ON THE
COURSE WOULDN&apos;T BE EASIER THIS
YEAR BUT UM LESLIE, MAYBE YOU
KNOW WHO THAT PROFESSOR IS.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, I&apos;M SURE THERE ARE TWO
PROFESSORS AND I&apos;M AFRAID I DO
NOT HAVE THEIR NAMES WITH ME.
&gt;&gt; OK WITH THE MATERIALS THAT&apos;S
SOMETHING I FORGOT TO BRING.
BUT THERE ARE TWO PROFESSORS
WHO ARE VERY INTERESTED.
THEY WANTED TO KNOW I THINK
THEY WANTED A LOT OF OPENINGS
AND I TOLD THEM WE COULD ONLY
DO PROBABLY THE SAME AMOUNT
OF WORK THAT WE DID WITH
AISHA&apos;S CLASS THAT THERE WERE
TWO CLASSES THERE WERE ABOUT
TWELVE PRESENTATIONS AND I
THINK THAT&apos;S AS MUCH AS WE CAN
HANDLE.
&gt;&gt; I SUGGESTED SOME TOPICS AND
I WAS BUT I TOLD THEM THAT I
HAVE TO GET APPROVAL FROM THE
GROUP IF THEY WANT TO.
YOU EMBARK ON THIS AGAIN.
I&apos;D LIKE TO HEAR YOUR OPINIONS
ABOUT IT AND I&apos;D LIKE YOU TO BE
THINKING OF TOPIC THAT YOU&apos;D
LIKE THEM TO DO WORK ON BUT I
WAS THINKING THINGS LIKE AN
ARMED RESPONSE LIKE TRAFFIC
STOP DATA, LIKE MONITORING HOW
OUR FAIR CHANCE HOUSING
ORDINANCE IS GOING, HOW IT&apos;S
BEING HANDLED, WHAT ELSE MIGHT
BE NEEDED FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE
COMING BACK FROM PRISON OR
PEOPLE WHO HAVE PRIOR A
CRIMINAL OFFENSE IN THEIR
HISTORY HOW WE CAN HELP TO
INTEGRATE THOSE PEOPLE AND
PROVIDE THEM HOUSING.
I WAS I WAS ALSO THERE WAS A
TOPIC OR TWO ON THE SHOOTINGS
THAT LIBBY HAD MENTIONED.
I THINK THEY COULD DO SOME
RESEARCH ON WHAT OTHER CITIES
ARE DOING ABOUT BOTH ABOUT
HANDLING THE POLICE, ADDRESSING
THIS WITH THE POLICE AND ABOUT
HOW THEY HANDLED THE TENSIONS
THAT ARISE AS A RESULT.
SO THERE&apos;S LOTS
OF POSSIBILITIES OF NEW TOPICS
THAT WE MIGHT BE ABLE TO GET
MORE INFORMATION ON ABOUT WHAT
OTHER CITIES AND OTHER
MUNICIPALITIES ARE DOING.
&gt;&gt; ARE YOU STILL INTERESTED IN
THAT PROJECT
?
&gt;&gt; I FOR MY PART I WOULD SAY
YOU KNOW, I THINK ACTUALLY THE
LAST TIME WE DID THESE
PRESENTATIONS WAS ONE OF MY
FIRST MEETINGS ON COUNCIL AND I
FOUND THEM TO BE INCREDIBLY
INFORMATIVE AND HELPFUL.
I THOUGHT THEY WERE REALLY WELL
DONE AND AND I APPRECIATED THE
INPUT IN THE WORK OF THE GROUP
SO I ABSOLUTELY WOULD BE OPEN
TO IT AGAIN.
AND YOU KNOW, I DON&apos;T KNOW I
KNOW WE&apos;RE LACKING QUORUM
TONIGHT.
I DON&apos;T KNOW THAT EMBARKING ON
SOMETHING LIKE THAT WOULD
NECESSARILY REQUIRE A FORMAL
VOTE OF THE BODY.
BUT I I CERTAINLY THOUGHT THAT
THAT THE WORK LAST TIME WAS
GREAT AND I WOULD LOVE TO TO
PARTICIPATE IN THAT AGAIN WE&apos;VE
ACTUALLY USED THE INFORMATION
THAT WE&apos;VE GOT FROM SOME
OF THOSE REPORTS.
SO I THINK IT&apos;S BEEN VERY
VALUABLE FOR US AND IT ALLOWS
TO OUTREACH AND TO GET INPUT
THAT WE MIGHT NOT OTHERWISE GET
.
ANYBODY ELSE HAVE ANY THOUGHTS
ABOUT ANY DRAWBACKS FOR
EXAMPLE?
&gt;&gt; NO DRAWBACKS.
I&apos;M ABLE TO SEE I&apos;M JUST HUGELY
SUPPORTIVE AS I THINK THIS
WOULD BE A GREAT OPPORTUNITY
FOR US TO CONTINUE THIS
COMMUNITY OUTREACH AND ALSO WHO
ARE WE TO TURN DOWN AN
OPPORTUNITY TO HAVE WELL
POSITIONED THOUGHTFUL RESEARCH
THAT WOULD INSPIRE US AND GIVE
US THE ABILITY TO DO OUR JOBS
BETTER SO I FAIL TO SEE THE
DOWNSIDE.
I&apos;M UNSURE OF WHAT THE PROCESS
IS HERE TO MAKE THIS HAPPEN BUT
I WOULD BE HUGELY SUPPORTIVE
OF THAT.
&gt;&gt; I THINK AS TREVOR SUGGESTS,
WE PROBABLY DON&apos;T NEED A FORMAL
VOTE.
I THINK WE HAVE A SORT OF A
SENSE OF THE ROOM.
NO ONE&apos;S SPEAKING OUT AGAINST
IT.
ALL OF US SEEM TO HAVE FELT WAS
A VALUABLE THING TO HAVE DONE.
SO I THINK WE SHOULD GO FORWARD
WITH THAT AND YOU KNOW, WHEN
YOU TALK TO THOSE FOLKS AGAINST
SAY THAT WE&apos;RE WE&apos;RE IN I WILL
DO THAT GOOD.
&gt;&gt; I DON&apos;T MEAN THAT AND PEOPLE
INDIVIDUALS I THINK WHAT WE DID
LAST TIME WAS THAT MOST PEOPLE
DIDN&apos;T DIDN&apos;T GET INVOLVED WITH
THE INDIVIDUAL STUDENTS BUT
SOME OF US DID.
&gt;&gt; I GAVE A TALK TO THEM TO
EACH CLASS FOR ABOUT A HALF
HOUR SORT OF TALKING ABOUT WHAT
THE OUR IS LIKE FIRST OF ALL
BECAUSE THEY DON&apos;T MOST OF THEM
DO NOT COME FROM AND I DON&apos;T
KNOW WHAT I DON&apos;T EVEN KNOW
VERY MUCH ABOUT CITY GOVERNMENT
IN GENERAL.
&gt;&gt; SO I GIVE THEM A LITTLE
OVERVIEW AND THEN I PRESENT
THESE TOPICS AND GIVE THEM A
LITTLE SUMMARY ABOUT WHAT THEY
MIGHT DO, WHAT WOULD BE HELPFUL
FOR US AND I GIVE THEM A FEW
PLACES THAT THEY MIGHT GO SOME
REFERENCES MAYBE SOME PEOPLE IN
THE CITY WHO THEY MIGHT TALK TO
AND THEY DIDN&apos;T DO A LOT
OF THAT.
I WOULD ASSUME THAT THAT&apos;S THE
SAME THING THAT COULD BE DONE
NOW AND AND I THINK SOME OF US
ACTUALLY MET WITH THEM AND SORT
OF MENTOR THEM.
THEY&apos;RE NOT NOT VERY MANY.
SO IT WASN&apos;T EXTENSIVE.
THE BIGGEST TIME EXPENDITURE
FOR THE GROUP WAS THE PRESENT
THAT THEY MADE AND THAT WAS ONE
MEETING.
&gt;&gt; SO GIVEN THAT AGAIN, IS
THERE ARE THERE ANY OBJECTIONS
BECAUSE I&apos;M GOING TO GO ALONG
WITH THIS BECAUSE WITH FOR YOU
AND ME I KNOW THAT WE&apos;VE GOT
PEOPLE WHO ARE IN SUPPORT
ALTHOUGH I HAVEN&apos;T HEARD FROM
PAM, I&apos;M IN COMPLETE AGREEMENT
WITH ALL THAT HAS BEEN SAID.
&gt;&gt; SO YES, ABSOLUTELY GO FOR
IT.
GREAT.
AND DIANA, I GUESS I HADN&apos;T
HEARD FROM YOU.
YEAH, NO I I SUPPORTED OK AND
I&apos;LL TELL THEM THAT WE&apos;RE WE&apos;RE
AND THIS IS FOR SEPTEMBER
OF COURSE SO WE WON&apos;T SEE
ANYTHING BEFORE THEN BUT I&apos;LL
BE BACK WITH YOU ABOUT TOPICS.
&gt;&gt; OK GREAT.
THANKS VERY MUCH FOR DOING
THAT.
&gt;&gt; THE OTHER THING BY THE WAY
THAT I DID IS I LET THEM KNOW
THAT THERE WERE OTHER
COMMISSIONERS WHO ALSO MIGHT BE
INTERESTED RESULTS OF THAT.
&gt;&gt; OK, GOOD THANKS.
THAT&apos;S GOOD.
ALL RIGHT.
WE ALREADY HEARD FROM
COMMISSIONERS BUT IF YOU HAD
ANYTHING ELSE YOU WANTED TO ADD
MORE THAN WELCOME TO SPEAK
OTHERWISE.
OH I ONE MORE ITEM UNDER NEW
BUSINESS ONE OF OUR MEMBERS IS
RESIGN AND WE HAVE A VACANCY SO
IF ANYONE IS LISTENING AND THEY
WERE ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS SO
YOU&apos;RE WELCOME TO APPLY LOOK AT
THE CITY WEBSITE FOR HOW THAT
IS DONE
.
ANYTHING ELSE BUDDY.
ALL RIGHT.
&gt;&gt; WE ARE THINKING ABOUT WHAT
WE DON&apos;T NEED A MOTION TO
ADJOURN.
WE ARE OFFICIALLY ADJOURNED.
YES,